DHCP lease management capacity setting and migration (#88)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: dns_dhcp.rst

Dynamic leases represents IP addresses that are currently in use and have been allocated to devices on the network.
This tab shows all currently active leases.

Default Configuration
---------------------

> The DHCP server is currently operating with the default configuration, which includes a capacity to manage up to 1000 concurrent leases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the DHCP server has a limit of 1000 concurrent leases to prevent DoS attacks. Set the dnsmasq ``dhcpleasemax`` option to change the limit.
```
